README.md, before:

# vscode-theme-generator

⚠️ This is a preview that leverages the [upcoming VS Code theming options](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/issues/3112), you will need to regenerate your theme when 1.12 is released and the API finalized

**The Problem**

- New themes are typically forked from other themes, carrying the bugs with them
- .tmThemes are overly verbose and difficult to maintain
- Themes are difficult to write from scratch

**The Solution**

What if all you needed to do to generate a theme was specify a few colors and everything else was handled for you? Well that's what this module aims to accomplish. All you need to do is specify a set of "base colors" (background, foreground and 4 accent colors) and you have a reasonably good looking theme.

All other VS Code theme colors are then derived from those base colors, with the option to tweak each underlying color as well.

## Example

This is all that's needed to generate a great looking theme:

```ts
import { generateTheme, IColorSet } from 'vscode-theme-generator';
const colorSet: IColorSet = {
  base: {
    background: '#12171F',
    foreground: '#EFEFEF',
    color1: '#399EF4',
    color2: '#DA6771',
    color3: '#4EB071',
    color4: '#fff099',
  },
};
generateTheme('My Theme', colorSet, path.join(__dirname, 'theme.json'));
```

![](./images/example.png)

## Support

Support below means that the standard VS Code grammar has explicit support for the languages; the colors should match their meanings. Other languages will probably still look alright but there is no guarentee that they will.

- :white_check_mark: CSS
- :white_check_mark: JavaScript
- :white_check_mark: HTML
- :white_check_mark: TypeScript
- :white_check_mark: Markdown
- :white_check_mark: C#

## Development

```bash
npm run dev

# In another shell
npm start
```

Them in VS Code press <kbd>F5</kbd> to launch the debugger with the generated theme available to switch to.

Commit message:

Use a prelaunch task to build demo on debug

README.md, after:

# vscode-theme-generator

⚠️ This is a preview that leverages the [upcoming VS Code theming options](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/issues/3112), you will need to regenerate your theme when 1.12 is released and the API finalized

**The Problem**

- New themes are typically forked from other themes, carrying the bugs with them
- .tmThemes are overly verbose and difficult to maintain
- Themes are difficult to write from scratch

**The Solution**

What if all you needed to do to generate a theme was specify a few colors and everything else was handled for you? Well that's what this module aims to accomplish. All you need to do is specify a set of "base colors" (background, foreground and 4 accent colors) and you have a reasonably good looking theme.

All other VS Code theme colors are then derived from those base colors, with the option to tweak each underlying color as well.

## Example

This is all that's needed to generate a great looking theme:

```ts
import { generateTheme, IColorSet } from 'vscode-theme-generator';
const colorSet: IColorSet = {
  base: {
    background: '#12171F',
    foreground: '#EFEFEF',
    color1: '#399EF4',
    color2: '#DA6771',
    color3: '#4EB071',
    color4: '#fff099',
  }
};
generateTheme('My Theme', colorSet, path.join(__dirname, 'theme.json'));
```

![](./images/example.png)

## Support

Support below means that the standard VS Code grammar has explicit support for the languages; the colors should match their meanings. Other languages will probably still look alright but there is no guarentee that they will.

- :white_check_mark: CSS
- :white_check_mark: JavaScript
- :white_check_mark: HTML
- :white_check_mark: TypeScript
- :white_check_mark: Markdown
- :white_check_mark: C#

## Development

```bash
npm run dev
```

Then in VS Code press <kbd>F5</kbd> to build demo and launch the debugger with the generated themes available to switch to.
